Unit 01:Intro to MongoDB (15 Minutes)

Unit 02:MongoDB Atlas (1 Hour)

Unit 03:MongoDB and the Document Model (1.25 Hours) 
The MongoDB Document Model
Managing Databases, Collections, and Documents in Atlas Data Explorer

Unit 04:MongoDB Data Modeling Intro (45 Minutes)
Different types of relationships
Differences between embedding and referencing
Learn how to scale your data model and use Atlas Tools for schema help

Unit 05: Connecting to a MongoDB Database (1 Hour)
Connecting to MongoDB in Node.js
Connection string to connect your Atlas cluster with the shell, Compass, and any type of application

Unit 06: Connecting to a MongoDB Database with Nodejs (1 Hour)
Lear how connect to your Node.js applications. 
How to use the Yarn package manager to install the Node.js MongoDB driver.

Unit 07: MongoDB CRUD Operations: Insert and Find Documents (1.75 Hour)
Inserting and finding documents.
Build your own queries that use comparison and logical operators
How to query elements in an array

Unit 08: MongoDB CRUD Operations: Replace and Delete Documents (1.75 Hour)
Replace entire documents, update individual fields in a document, insert new documents, and remove documents from a database.
Using updateOne(), findAndModify() and updateMany()

Unit 09: MongoDB CRUD Operations: Modifying Query Results (1.25 Hour)
How to modify query results in MongoDB 
Using sorts, limits, projections, and counts. 
Returning Specific Data from a Query in MongoDB

Unit 10: MongoDB CRUD Operations in Node.js (2 Hour)
Learn how BSON documents are expressed in Node.js. 
Learn how to insert, query and retrieve, update, and delete documents in a Node.js application. 
Learn how to create a multi-document transaction.

Unit 11: MongoDB Aggregation (1.75 Hour)
Aggregation Pipeline in Node.js Applications
Aggregation Stages with Node.js: $match, $group,$sort,$out and $project

Unit 12: MongoDB Indexes (1.25 Hour)
How to create Single Field and Compound Index, 
What Multikey indexes are, and how to see if queries are using indexes. 
Learn how to delete an index.

Unit 13: MongoDB Atlas Search (1.5 Hour)
Learn how to get started with Atlas Search 
Add search functionality to your application
Creating a Search Index with Dynamic Field Mapping
Creating a Search Index with Static Field Mapping
Using $search and Compound Operators
Grouping Search Results by Using Facets

Unit 14: MongoDB Transactions (1 Hour)
ACID transactions in MongoDB
Lear how to Use Transactions in MongoDB

Unit 15:MongoDB Compass (20 Minutes) 

Unit 16:MongoDB VS Code Extension (20 Minutes) 
